# Configuring Shipmight

This page describes the configuration options of Shipmight itself.

## Authentication

### Initial user and password

When Shipmight is installed, a default account is created with the credentials `admin` / `admin`. These can be configured via `shipmight.config.initialAdminUser` and `shipmight.config.initialAdminPass`:

```bash
helm install <release> shipmight/shipmight-stack \
  --set shipmight.config.initialAdminUser=admin \
  --set shipmight.config.initialAdminPass=secret123
```

### JWT token

Shipmight API authenticates incoming requests via a JWT token. A random secret for signing and verifying JWT tokens is generated by the chart when Shipmight stack is installed. Alternatively, you can set a predefined secret via `shipmight.config.jwtSecret`:

```bash
helm upgrade shipmight shipmight/shipmight-stack \
  --set shipmight.config.jwtSecret=...
```

## Self-update

Shipmight can update itself whenever there's a new version of the shipmight-stack chart available.

The update is triggered via the Update-button under Manage. See [Update from the UI](Updating-Shipmight.md#update-from-the-ui) for more details.

### Repository

Self-update checks for new versions from a remote chart repository. You can customize the repository URL via `config.selfUpdateRepository`:

```bash
helm upgrade shipmight shipmight/shipmight-stack \
  --set shipmight.config.selfUpdateRepository="https://shipmight.github.io/helm-charts"
```

### Disabling self-update

You can disable the self-update functionality by setting `config.selfUpdateRepository` to null:

```bash
helm upgrade shipmight shipmight/shipmight-stack \
  --set shipmight.config.selfUpdateRepository=null
```

## UUIDs

### Readable UUIDs

If `true` (default), resource name/identifier is slugified (up to 15 characters) and prepended in the random ID of a resource. For example, creating a domain `example.com` might result in an UUID like `examplecom-10e82`.

If `false`, slugs are omitted and IDs are just random strings, e.g. `10e82`.

```bash
helm upgrade shipmight shipmight/shipmight-stack \
  --set shipmight.config.readableUuids=true
```

### UUID length

Amount of random characters when generating random UUIDs. Excludes the slug length, if `readableUuids` is enabled.

```bash
helm upgrade shipmight shipmight/shipmight-stack \
  --set shipmight.config.uuidLength=5
```
